Tuesday, October 8
7:30 am — 2:15 pm
Check-In & Registration
Potomac Registration Desk
8:00 am — 9:00 am
Networking Breakfast
Expo Hall
9:00 am — 9:20 am
View from the "U"
Potomac Ballroom Salon 3
9:20 am — 10:00 am
Transforming Campus Energy: A Year of Progress with CenTrio and EMU
Potomac Ballroom Salon 3
Dive into the journey of CenTrio's first year in this transformative 50-year partnership with Eastern Michigan University. Discover the intricacies of taking over campus energy management—how we seamlessly integrated existing university employees into the CenTrio organization, are approaching capital project planning in collaboration with the University, and are underway with an ambitious Energy Conservation Measures Program. In this session we will also explore how the $115 million investment is modernizing campus infrastructure, enhancing student and faculty programs, and driving sustainability and operational excellence, while setting the stage for future advancements. 

Presenters:
Tom Pike, VP of P3 Capital Projects, CenTrio
Nathan Prior, General Manager – New York & Michigan, CenTrio
Mike Valdes, Chief Financial Officer, Eastern Michigan University
10:00 am — 10:30 am
Networking Break
Expo Hall
Gilbane Invesis
10:30 am — 10:50 am
View from the “U”: The University of Tennessee System
10:50 am — 11:35 am
Pioneering the P3 Approach in TN: How the University of Tennessee Leveraged the Private Market to Add 3,000 Fully Self-Supporting Beds to Campus in Three Years
Potomac Ballroom Salon 3
As a University on the Rise, the University of Tennessee, Knoxville (UTK) proactively entered into the state’s first Public-Private Partnership (P3) to address its growing on-campus student housing needs. This initiative was driven by unprecedented growth in enrollment and retention rates. The fast-paced process of concurrently deploying a multitude of development activities along a record-setting timeline will culminate in the delivery of 3,000 self-supporting beds within three years. Through this partnership, the UT System and UTK have set a P3 roadmap for future projects across the state of Tennessee. Join this distinguished panel to learn how this pioneering effort underscores UTK's commitment of supporting the Volunteer Experience by providing top-tier facilities for its students while setting a benchmark for future public-private collaborations in higher education.

Moderator:
Brad Noyes, President, Brailsford & Dunlavey
Panelists:
Michael Baird, Managing Director, RBC Capital Markets
Frank Cuevas, Vice Chancellor, Student Life, University of Tennessee
Jeremy Doss, Senior Vice President, RISE Real Estate
Chris Hicks, President, Provident Resources Group
Austin Oakes, Assistant Vice President, University of Tennessee System
11:40 am — 12:00 pm
Lunch Keynote – Update from the Build America Bureau with Dr. Morteza Farajian, Executive Director, US DOT Build America Bureau
Dr. Farajian will give brief overview of the Bureau’s expanded lending authority provided by the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law (BIL). The BIL expanded the capacity of the Bureau to lend to transit-oriented development real estate projects, including at public universities and colleges.

Presenter:
Morteza Farajian, Executive Director, Build America Bureau
12:00 pm — 12:30 pm
Innovative Funding and Financing Options for University Infrastructure
Does your institution need new student or staff housing? Are you thinking about converting your fleet of campus buses to electric and you need the charging infrastructure to manage this fleet? Is your school adding a new science or technology building? Join representatives from the developer community, academia, and the Federal government as they share and discuss innovative and creative solutions for solving the infrastructure challenges of higher education.

Presenters:
Morteza Farajian, Executive Director, Build America Bureau
Martin Klepper, Chairman of the Board, US Infrastructure, Fengate Asset Management
Sia Kusha, Senior Vice President, Group Head Business Development & Partnering, Plenary Americas
Edward Maginnis, Jr., Assistant Vice President for Real Estate, University of Maryland
Amir Nayeri, Deputy Business Development Director, Meridiam
12:30 pm — 1:15 pm
Modernizing Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCU) through Improved Access to Capital
Due to legacy funding disparities and limited access to capital, HBCUs have struggled to provide adequate facilities, which are critical for the recruitment and retention of students, faculty, and staff.  This panel examines cutting-edge approaches to university financing including opportunities at the Federal level to improve access to credit, public-private partnerships and other innovative solutions. Expert panelists will discuss how these models and initiatives can help address funding gaps while increasing access and affordability for students.

12:30 pm — 1:15 pm
How to Generate Interest and Value Through Procurement
Procurement processes seek to maximize market interest from industry experts and secure competitive engagement terms that will serve as the foundation for productive partnerships. The approach to solicit market interest varies significantly and these differences have a direct impact on private market interest, the accuracy of proposals, and competitiveness of key terms. Our panel will discuss how institutions can yield the greatest value through their procurement processes and lessons learned across a variety of asset types.

Moderator:
Eric Bram, Vice President, Rieth Jones Advisors
Panelists:
Jeremy Doss, Senior Vice President, RISE Real Estate
Patrick Martin, Assistant Vice President, Real Estate, Public Partnerships, & Compliance, Louisiana State University
Mike Valdes, Chief Financial Officer, Eastern Michigan University
1:30 pm — 2:15 pm
Understanding the Power of Innovative Financing: Driving Public-Private Partnerships (P3s) through Strategic Financing and Creative Structuring Approaches
Join esteemed leaders in a thought-provoking panel discussion as they explore creative and practical financing strategies for public-private partnerships (P3s) and showcase exemplary projects that have successfully harnessed different financing structures. Hear examples of projects delivered using traditional debt and equity, tax-exempt financing, availability payments structures and concessionaire agreements and what ingredients led to those successful outcomes. Learn how understanding the unique challenges posed by the current capital market environment, geopolitical dynamics, and local market data play a pivotal role in driving successful P3 initiatives. Be inspired by real-world examples and equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate and capitalize on the ever-evolving landscape of P3 financing.  

Moderator:
Michael Hoffstrom, Vice President, JLL
Panelists:
Glen Nakata, Vice Chancellor for Financial & Administrative Affairs, Purdue University Fort Wayne
Sara Russell, Managing Director, Municipal Finance, RBC Capital Markets, LLC
David Snyder, Associate Vice President, Auxiliary and Business Services, Penn State
2:15 pm — 3:00 pm
Final View from the "U"
Potomac Ballroom Salon 3
Presenters:
Jonathan Gifford, Director, Center for Infrastructure Public-Private Partnership Policy
Kevin Turner, Executive Director, Office of Engineering and Utilities, Georgetown University
3:00 pm
Summit Ends | Exhibitor Breakdown